Finish off container documentation (#6847)
cakephp/docs: en/development/dependency-injection.rst

Service Providers
=================

> Service providers allow you to group of related services together helping you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service providers allow you to group related services together helping you
```

> Service providers allow you to group of related services together helping you
> organize your services. ServiceProviders also help increase your application's
> performance as services defined in ServiceProviders are lazily registered after

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Service providers allow you to group of related services together helping you
organize your services. Service providers also help increase your application's
performance as services defined in ServiceProvider are lazily registered after
```
Not sure what way is most consistent.

> organize your services. ServiceProviders also help increase your application's
> performance as services defined in ServiceProviders are lazily registered after
> their first use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
organize your services. Service providers can help increase your application's
performance as defined services are lazily registered after
their first use.
```

Creating Service Providers
--------------------------

An example ServiceProvider would look like::

    namespace App\ServiceProvider;

    use Cake\Core\AbstractServiceProvider;
    // Other imports here.

    class BillingServiceProvider extends AbstractServiceProvider
    {
        protected $provides = [
            StripeService::class,
            'configKey',
        ];

        public function services($container)
        {
            $container->add(StripService::class);
            $container->add('configKey', 'some value');
        }
    }

> ServiceProviders use their ``services()`` method to define all the services they

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Service providers use their ``services()`` method to define all the services they
```

will provide. Additionally those services  **must be** defined in the ``$provides``
property. Failing to include a service in the ``$provides`` property will result
in it not be loadable from the container.

Using Service Providers
-----------------------

> To load a ServiceProvider add it into the container using the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To load a service provider add it into the container using the
```

``addServiceProvider()`` method::

    $container->addServiceProvider(new BillingServiceProvider());

Bootable ServiceProviders
-------------------------

> If your service provider needs to run logic when it is added to the container

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your service provider needs to run logic when it is added to the container,
```

> If your service provider needs to run logic when it is added to the container
> you can implement the ``bootstrap()`` method. This situation can come up when you

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your service provider needs to run logic when it is added to the container,
you can implement the ``bootstrap()`` method. This situation can come up when your
```
